Great job! Now you've had
an opportunity to
learn more about
security concepts that can help
an organization protect
data and assets.
We've covered quite a bit,
but it will all be valuable
knowledge for you as you
continue along your journey
into the security profession.
We started by defining what
security frameworks are,
and how they help organizations
protect critical information.
We also explored
security controls
and the important role they
play in protecting against
risks, threats, and
vulnerabilities.
This included a discussion
of the CIA triad,
which is a core security model,
and two NIST frameworks:
the CSF and S.P. 800-53.
Then, we covered some of OWASP's
secure design principles.
We ended by introducing
security audits with a focus on
the elements of an
internal audit that you
may be asked to complete
or contribute to.
Security professionals use
the concepts we discussed
to help protect
organizations' assets,
data, systems, and people.
As you continue along
your journey into the
security profession,
a lot of these concepts
will come up repeatedly.
What we're doing
now is giving you
a foundational understanding of
security practices and topics
that will help you
along the way.
In the next section
of the course,
we'll discuss specific
security tools
you may one day
use as an analyst.
We'll cover how they're
used to improve
an organization's
security posture
and how they can help
you achieve your goal of
keeping organizations
and people safe.
I'm excited to continue
this journey with
you. See you soon!